['Yearn.Finance (YFI) (2 Part)  Who’s Getting Involved With Yearn So far, this arrangement has proved successful. At its height in August 2020, Yearn had nearly $1 billion in TVL on its platform. Now, TVL has cooled down after that hot start to $430 million. But it’s starting to climb again. And with Yearn’s recent merger spree, we expect it to surge once more… Over the past month, Yearn has merged with five Defi protocols: Cream Finance, Cover,Pickle Finance, Akropolis, and SushiSwap.  These mergers will expand Yearn’s development resources… add new yield-generating strategies… drive new users to the Yearn platform… and provide a wide range of insurance products to minimize risk for its users. More importantly, VCs are starting to take notice… Pantera Capital, Three Arrow Capital, Framework Ventures, and Polychain Capital have all acquired YFI tokens as a way to invest in the Yearn protocol. Polychain Capital alone has accumulated 1.6% of YFI’s total supply. Today, that position is valued at $14 million. Big money rarely bets on a losing horse. So it’s a powerful sign Yearn is ready for prime time.  What’s It Worth? Yearn is one of the best DeFi applications in the world for yield farming. And as it attracts more income investors, it’ll become a “black hole” for billions of dollars’ worth of crypto assets. Here’s what I mean… Once investors put their assets onto Yearn, they “stick” there because of the high yields they can generate. Of course, you can withdraw your assets at any time… But Yearn automatically shifts your assets to the highest-yielding crypto assets. So investors can park their assets on Yearn and let the income roll in. Along with offering a yield optimizer and vaults, Yearn also provides users other DeFi service ssuch as ySwap, yTrade, yBorrow and yInsure. Yearn is creating a full suite of protocols that the DeFi community can use in brand-new ways.  Furthermore, Yearn plans to eventually move beyond crypto and into traditional assets… such as stocks, real estate, and metals. This makes it the DeFi rival to traditional asset managers like Vanguard and BlackRock. The top three U.S. investment management firms alone have $17 trillion in assets under management. If Yearn could capture just 2% of these assets, its protocol value could explode to $171.6 billion – an 21,136% increase from today’s value. To get here, we assume Yearn Vaults produce an additional 1% yield over money markets(such as Aave and Compound). This 1% additional yield will be “taxed” a 19.5% performance fee and sent to the treasury. The initial 2% of $17 trillion is $340 billion in assets under management. Yearly fees from providing an additional 1% would result in a projected yearly income of $663 million. But as you may recall, aside from the performance fee, there’s also a 2% management fee.That comes out to be an additional $6.8 billion. Under this scenario, Yearn would generate$7.46 billion in income each year.  And if we give Yearn the same P/E valuation as the largest asset manager, BlackRock, we would multiply earnings by 23. That brings us to $171.6 billion. As of publication, Yearn currently holds just 0.0014% of the value of the top 10 asset managers. That’s a miniscule number. If it could capture just 2% of that value, YFI could rocket to $10,800,424 per token. That’senough to turn every $500 investment into $200,433 and every $1,000 investment into$400,866. Now, Yearn’s nominal token price is nearly $30,000. But don’t let that scare you from buying into this phenomenal idea. Like bitcoin, you can buy tiny fractions of YFI – as little as $0.01 –and still take part in YFI’s immense potential upside. As I mentioned above, I was skeptical of Yearn’s dizzying rise at first glance. But after doing a deep dive into this protocol, I’ve come to realize it has the potential to become the top DeFi app in the world.', '\u200b\u200b🎉50,000 users have been waiting for this!  🔥January 27, new Nimbus functionality goes LIVE!  💎Nimbus launches a new DeFi platform that lets you participate in top financial opportunities with crypto - IPOs, Startup Financing, and more. All via one DAO-governed ecosystem and one token: NBU.  NBU lets you partake in 10+ pools with clear mechanisms behind each, including: ✅IPO participation ✅Startup Crowdfunding  ✅Arbitrage-Trading (its centralized version is used by 50,000 people) ✅P2P lending, and more  What else you should know? 🔷Major Liquidity Providers support 🔷Anti pump&dump strategy in place 🔷DAO where only 10% governance tokens belong to Nimbus  🔷Proven security and compliance, top team  ‼️🚀Don’t miss the Launch: 8:00 AM CET, January 27  🤑Get your NBUs while the price is low: http://app.nimbusplatform.io  Chat: t.me/Nimbus_Platform_ENG  News: t.me/nmbplatform Web: nimbusplatform.io', '\u200b\u200bYearn.Finance (YFI) (1 Part)  Up until recently, they had to do this manually. But the launch of  Yearn.Finance (YFI) has allowed yield farmers to pool their orders and have an algorithm automatically move their funds to the highest-yielding protocols. This form of DeFi protocol is called a “yield optimizer.” Yield optimizers are a big improvement over sitting in front of a screen, moving funds to different platforms throughout the day… But they have their limitations. You see, a yield optimizer can’t account for the value of liquidity mining. In other words, itdoesn’t include the value of free tokens received in addition to the standard yield. This prompted another innovation in yield farming called vaults.  For Yearn.Finance specifically, it created Yearn Vaults, another type of pool that investors could deposit a specific coin into. The vaults use programmed logic to figure out what liquidity mining strategy would offer the largest return, all freebies included. It then automatically allocates user assets to the highest-yielding yield-farming strategies that also account for the rewards from liquidity mining. Each vault has its own specific strategy dedicated to one coin. And the community votes on the strategy for each vault using the Yearn.Finance governance token, YFI.  Where the YFI Token Comes Into Play The YFI token is special in that its creator didn’t automatically keep a bunch of tokens for himself. There are only 30,000 tokens. And Yearn.Finance gave them as rewards to users of the protocol. The growth in the YFI token has been phenomenal. Since July 21, YFI has risen from $889 to as high as $40,000 per token. It now has a market cap of almost $1 billion. And it reached this market cap even though its creator has publicly stated that YFI has no value. Clearly, the market disagrees. Along with offering a yield optimizer and vaults, Yearn also provides users other DeFi services such as ySwap, yTrade, yBorrow and yInsure. Yearn appears to be creating a full suite of protocols the DeFi community can use in brand-new ways.  Now, when I first told you about Yearn in September, I was quite skeptical of its dizzying nearly 4,400% growth in just days. But upon further research, I can say the underlying protocol has value. My team did a deep dive into Yearn. And I can tell you, it’s a must-add to our portfolio. At its core, YFI is a governance token. That means token holders have the power to vote on the direction of the platform. Yearn incentivizes token holders by giving them a share of the platform’s profits. The profits come from a 2% management fee from active strategies and a 19.5% performance fee on the additional yield Yearn generates for its users. You can think of YFI token holders as partners of a decentralized hedge fund. The tokenholders (partners) vote on strategies they believe will make the most money for its users and,in turn, themselves.', "Synthetix (SNX) (2 Part)  Who’s Getting Involved With Synthetix Synthetix is attracting users with its easy-to-use platform that gives traders a one-stop shop for exchanging multiple asset classes. Since the start of 2020, Synthetix has grown its user base nearly 4x and increased assets heldon its platform 4.4x to over $750 million. Synthetix’s explosive growth and future potential has led to investments from some of the topVC funds in crypto. It’s raised over $4 million from Three Arrows Capital, ParaFi Capital, and Framework Ventures, just to name a few. Synthetix is using these funds to expand its platform’s capabilities and liquidity for its users.  What’s It Worth? Remember, Synthetix is a DeFi protocol that takes out the middleman and expensive overhead costs needed to run an exchange. This allows it to operate at a fraction of the cost of traditional exchanges. And it means lower transaction fees for its users and more profits for token holders. Although Synthetix has generated over $1 billion in trading volume since February, we think it has massive potential to eat more market share from traditional exchanges… Synthetix bypasses excessive requirements for “unqualified” investors and offers a cheaper alternative to traditional exchanges on some assets. So its target market goes beyond those served and measured by today’s exchanges. An estimated $130 trillion in equities trades worldwide every year. Synthetix only needs to capture a tiny sliver of this market to balloon in value.  If Synthetix captures just 0.5% of the global equity volume, it would process $650 billion in volume annually. And using today’s trading fee of roughly 0.3%, it would mean profits of $1.95 billion annually for SNX token holders. To put these earnings in perspective for calculating a valuation for Synthetix, we can look at the average P/E ratio of the two largest stock exchanges, the Nasdaq and the NYSE, owned by the Intercontinental Exchange. The average P/E of the two is 24.84. Reaching that ratio would give Synthetix a valuation of$48.4 billion. But just like we outlined in Compound’s valuation above, Synthetix should command a higher premium due to its superior technology. Remember, Tesla has a P/E ratio that is 66 times higher than General Motors and Amazon has a P/E ratio that is 3.3 times higher than Walmart… So disruptive tech projects tend to be worth more through their innovations and cutting of overhead costs.  And Synthetix will soon start supporting trade of synthetic stock assets. This will make it as easy for someone living outside America to get exposure to U.S. securities as someone who lives there. And this alone will bring increased interest from across the globe to the Synthetix platform. Conservatively, we think Synthetix could come to command a premium five times higher than traditional exchanges. If so, that would put Synthetix’s valuation at $242 billion, or $2,192per token. That would be a 41,250% return from today's prices, enough to turn a $500 investment into$206,750 or a $1,000 investment into $413,500. By owning Synthetix, we’re getting exposure to the trading platform of tomorrow where any asset can be bought or sold by anyone in the world with internet connection and a smartphone.", '\u200b\u200bSynthetix (SNX) (1 Part)  If you live in the U.S. and trade stocks, you know how easy it is to buy your favorite U.S.companies with just a few clicks. But if you live in another country, the process of buying a standard U.S. security like Tesla or Amazon stock can often be complicated and come with high fees. Synthetix (SNX) is solving this problem by enabling anyone in the world with a smartphone and internet connection to trade any type of asset. It’s a decentralized platform on the Ethereum network for trading cryptocurrencies,commodities, forex, indexes, and – soon – stocks. Synthetix can do this and reach a globalaudience through the creation of synthetic assets on the blockchain.  A synthetic is a financial instrument designed to imitate an investment and provide the samereturn without holding the actual asset. Synthetic assets are often created by combining derivatives Synthetics can improve liquidity, capital efficiency, and extend an asset’s reach into new markets. common synthetic asset in the traditional financial market is the exchange-traded note(ETN). Say you wanted to gain exposure to commodities without purchasing clunky metal sand storing them in your garage. You can simply purchase a commodity ETN.  In this example, a bank created the ETN by combining a basket of commodity-based derivatives to imitate the price movements of the commodities. The appeal of an ETN is you can benefit from the underlying assets’ price movements without having to take physical ownership of the asset. The Synthetix protocol brings these modern-day financial instruments to the Ethereum network. This enables anyone with a smartphone and internet connection to access a long list of assets – regardless of wealth, credit history, or location.  Where the SNX Token Comes Into Play The SNX token has value for two reasons: ▪️It’s used to mint synthetic assets. ▪️And token holders use it to receive trading fees from the Synthetix Exchange. First, to create a synthetic asset, users can stake SNX tokens as collateral. The collateralization ratio to back these synthetic assets require $7.50 in SNX tokens for every $1of synthetic assets. This ensures the collateral backing the synthetic assets can with standlarge price movements. While this is technically a safety feature, it also works in our favor as token holders. This is because as the number of synthetic assets created increases, more SNX tokens will leave circulation to be used as collateral. This puts a constraint on the supply of SNX tokens and reduces the number of tokens hitting exchanges.  The second feature that brings value to SNX tokens is trading fees. When someone creates asynthetic asset, anyone can then trade it on the Synthetix Exchange. Each transaction chargesa trading fee of roughly 0.3%, which is paid to SNX token holders. Since the platform’s second version launched in February, it’s generated over $1 billion intrading volume. This translates to just over $3.6 million in trading fees to SNX token holders. While $3.6 million in profits may seem small at first glance, we believe it’s just the tip of the iceberg for Synthetix and its potential to rake in billions of dollars every year for SNX holders.', 'Curve (CRV) (2 Part)  What’s It Worth? Since Curve launched at the start of 2020, the platform has grown to hold over $900 million in assets. The explosive growth in assets held in Curve’s liquidity pools makes it the third-largest DEX.And these deep liquidity pools with minimal slippage are starting to attract some serious trading volume. Since inception, Curve has reached $17 billion in total trading volume, mostly over the past few months. Last month alone, users traded over $2.2 billion on Curve. That translates to$443,580 in profits for CRV token holders.  While this might not seem like a lot, it’s a 434% increase in profits from just five months ago. If Curve can grow at just half the rate it’s seen over the past five months, it would be generating $6.8 million per month by this time next year. This estimate could be conservative, considering stablecoins have grown 350% and wrapped bitcoin has grown13,626% since the start of this year.  And when adjusting for the token release schedule, each CRV token would be generating$0.09 every year. Now, early-stage tech like Curve is difficult to value. But we can compare it to startups like Zoom or Osprey Technology. Shortly after going public, their P/E multiples shot up to 1,076and 208, respectively.  We’ll be more conservative than that and give CRV a P/E multiple five times more than the S&P 500… considering its growth potential. The S&P 500 is trading at 29 times its earnings…so the multiple would be 145. A 145 multiple would value each token at $13.04. That’s a 2,003% increase from today’s price. And it would turn a $500 investment into$10,513 or a $1,000 investment into $21,026. We believe this is a conservative target for Curve. The platform plays a critical role in the DeFi space for swapping tokens pegged to the same underlying asset at the cheapest cost. And this aspect of DeFi is only set to grow further as the trend rolls out.', '\u200b\u200bCurve (CRV) (1 Part)  Curve Finance (CRV) is a DEX on the Ethereum network. But it specializes in exchanging tokens pegged to the same asset. For example, you can trade USD stablecoins like USDT, USDC, or BUSD against one another or different versions of wrapped bitcoin like renBTC and WBTC against one another. Wrapped bitcoin brings the liquidity of bitcoin to DeFi platforms, many of which are basedon the Ethereum network. Similar to stablecoins, they’re backed 1:1 by bitcoin held in are serve.  Think of Curve as a more efficient Uniswap – but only used for stablecoins and like kind assets. Like Uniswap, Curve uses liquidity pools to exchange assets instead of matching buyers withsellers. It’s also a non-custodial exchange, meaning it never takes custody of your assets. Your tokens are locked in a smart contract and you can withdraw them at any time. The advantage Curve has over other DEXs that use liquidity pools, like Uniswap, is its ability to minimize slippage. Slippage occurs when the price of an asset changes from the time you submit your order to the time the order actually executes on the chain. Depending on the depth of the liquidity pool and market volatility, slippage can severely eat away at one’s profits when exchanging assets. Curve’s algorithm minimizes slippage and trading fees. But this is only possible when trading tokens pegged to the same asset. That’s why Curve isn’t a competitor to Uniswap.  (To use another example, you’ll never see Ethereum (ETH) trading against Yearn (YFI) or Compound (COMP) on the Curve platform… Curve isn’t designed to swap tokens pegged to different assets. On the other hand, Uniswap allows you to trade just about any ERC-20 token with another one regardless of the token price.) Curve also allows users to earn income by depositing their assets to liquidity pools to earn trading fees. In addition to trading fees, select pools on Curve also generate income by sending tokens to lending protocols like Compound and Yearn.Finance for even more yield.  Where the CRV Token Comes Into Play CRV is a governance token that allows token holders to vote on proposed changes to the protocol. You can also stake the token to collect trading fees and generate additional yield on the pegged tokens you supply to liquidity pools. For staking, token holders who lock their CRV tokens on the platform are eligible to receive half of the trading fees generated by the protocol. Just last month, the platform made its first distribution to CRV token holders, worth $2.6 million. Going forward, token holders will beeligible to receive weekly payouts from the platform’s profits. So we’ll likely see more income hunters flock to the Curve platform.  On top of earning trading fees, token holders can use CRV to boost rewards when providing liquidity. The longer they lock in their tokens, the higher the reward boost. Those who lock their CRV tokens for the maximum four years are eligible to receive up to 2.5x more rewards. This incentive for users to lock their CRV tokens for several years is a major tailwind for the price of CRV tokens, since it reduces the circulating supply. Fewer tokens in circulation means they’re less likely to make their way to exchanges to be sold. And that will drive up prices.', '\u200b\u200bCompound (COMP) (2 Part)  Who’s Getting Involved With Compound Since the start of this year, TVL on the protocol has climbed from $100 million to over $1.6billion – a 1,500% increase. (Remember, TVL is similar to assets under management.) While $1.6 billion in TVL is undeniably impressive, we believe it’s just a drop in the bucket compared to what lies ahead. You see, Compound has raised over $33 million in funding from some of the biggest VC funds in crypto, including Coinbase, Paradigm, Polychain Capital, Bain Capital Ventures, and Dragonfly Capital. These are some of the biggest venture funds in the blockchain space. When smart money like this piles into a project, it’s wise to follow them. Currently, Compound pays up to 3.18% yield on your crypto assets. That’s 318 times higher than the yield of the largest money market fund in the U.S. And because money naturally goes to wherever it’s treated best, we believe it’s only a matter of time before billions of dollars migrate to the Compound platform – which will serve as rocket fuel for the COMP token.  What’s It Worth? Remember, Compound is a decentralized protocol. So it doesn’t need to hire a lot of employees, and it doesn’t have to pay expensive rent for adowntown office space. And since it runs on the Ethereum network, it can operate at afraction of the costs of traditional money markets and lending services. Because it’s faster, cheaper, and easier to use, Compound’s expenses are massively lower than traditional banking firms. This allows Compound to share more profits with its users through higher interest rates for deposits and more favorable lending terms to borrowers. Today there’s over $16 trillion in deposits held in U.S. banks. These depositors are earning next to 0% interest on their savings.  If 1% of these deposits made their way into Compound to earn yields 318 times higher thantraditional banks, we could see Compound generate roughly $480 million in annual earnings for COMP token holders. Here’s how Compound gets there… As of today, Compound generates roughly 0.4% per year on USD stablecoin loans. But let’sassume a quarter of that is held in reserves for insurance purposes to protect lenders, so we’lluse 0.3% for our calculations. 1% of $16 trillion would give us $160 billion. And a 0.3% yearly fee on that would generateroughly $480 million. To put these earnings into perspective for a valuation on Compound, we can compare theaverage P/E ratio of the five largest banks. With the top five banks currently valued at an average P/E ratio of 19.45, we expect to see Compound valued at a minimum of $9.3 billion just by meeting that average. But we think it could be worth a lot more…  You see, if Compound captures 1% of U.S. deposits due to its superior technology compared to traditional banks, it’ll command a higher premium to account for further growth. You can see this technology premium with stocks like Tesla vs. General Motors or Walmart vs.Amazon.  Today, Tesla has a P/E ratio 66 times higher than General Motors. And Amazon has a P/Eratio 3.3 times higher than Walmart. We think Compound could easily fetch a P/E multiple five times greater than the traditional banks we know today. If so, that would put Compound’s valuation at $46.7 billion… or$4,668 per COMP token when accounting for maximum supply. That would be a 2,912% return from today’s prices. Enough to turn a $500 investment into$15,058 or $1,000 into $30,116. By owning Compound, we’re getting a piece of exposure to the largest money market protocol in DeFi today. This will ensure we’re well-positioned to ride the DeFi trend to the top.']