['Doctoral student in Biology Additional requirements: •  Degree at Master’s level in plant biology or related subject. •  Good basic knowledge in plant systematics, especially bryology. •  Documented skills in bryophyte identification, especially meriting is experience with determination of the moss genus Bryum. •  Basic knowledge of evolutionary biology or phylogenetic studies and/or bioinformatics. •  Good ability to work independently under field conditions, to collect and register plants. •  Teaching skills. •  Experience of scientific and/or popular scientific writing. https://lu.varbi.com/en/what:job/jobID:368781/type:job/where:4/apply:1    Doctoral student in pure and applied Biochemistry with focus on neutron scattering Additional requirements: •  Excellent oral and written proficiency in English. •  A background in structural biology, physical chemistry, protein chemistry or protein biophysics. •  Experience with data collection or analysis using neutron or synchrotron techniques is considered important •  Experience with small-angle scattering is considered important. •  Experience in kinetic studies, for example biomolecular aggregation/assembly. •  Experience with multidisciplinary projects is important.  https://lu.varbi.com/en/what:job/jobID:371578/type:job/where:4/apply:1    Doctoral students in Economics  Eligibility/Entry Requirements An applicant has basic eligibility for third cycle studies if he or she: 1. has been awarded a second cycle degree, 2. has completed course requirements of at least 240 higher education credits, including at least 60 credits at second cycle level, or 3. has acquired the equivalent knowledge in some other way, either in Sweden or abroad (Higher Education Ordinance, Chapter 7, Section 39) An applicant is eligible to be admitted to the third cycle degree programme in Economics if he or she fulfils the basic eligibility requirements, and has documented qualifications worth at least 90 credits in Economics and independent projects (degree projects) worth at least 15 credits in Economics.  https://lu.varbi.com/en/what:job/jobID:364360/type:job/where:4/apply:1  @scholarshipstostudyabroad', 'International PhD Positions in Terrestrial Ecology, Denmark   PhD degree programme in Terrestrial Ecology.  Admissible Criteria: To be eligible for the opportunity programme, applicants should hold an MSc degree or equivalent in biology, ecology, microbial ecology, molecular biology, biogeochemistry or a closely related field. We are seeking a highly motivated and ambitious individual with good interpersonal and communication skills. Previous experience in collecting of and working with live plant material; stable isotope tracking; microbiology; molecular biology techniques such as DNA extraction and DNA sequencing; cell biological techniques such as fluorescence microscopy will be considered a plus. https://employment.ku.dk/phd/?show=152810    UTS Symbiosis in the Ocean international awards, Australia   PhD degree programme in any subject offered by the university Diverse populations of phytoplankton and bacteria fundamentally govern the productivity and stability of marine food webs and control oceanic chemical cycling processes that influence our climate. While the importance of these phytoplankton and bacterial populations are regularly considered in isolation, emerging evidence suggests that the lifestyles of these organisms are inherently entwined and that their relationships may in fact often occur within the framework of a symbiosis. However, our comprehension of the ecological interactions taking place between these important groups of marine microbes is severely undeveloped. https://www.uts.edu.au/scholarship/symbiosis-ocean-scholarship  @scholarshipstostudyabroad', 'حقوق پوزیشن های دکترا و فوق دکترا در نروژ بالای یک میلیارد و پانصد میلیون تومان در سال است.   PhD Research Fellow in ICT - Artificial intelligence for safety and security in smart environments Required qualifications • Master’s degree in ICT, Computer Science, or a similar/related field and documented competence in areas relevant to the position. Candidates who are in the final stage of the master’s education within the relevant field may also be considered, given that a master’s degree is to be achieved before the enrollment of this position. Applications from applicants who already hold a PhD will normally not be considered. • Strong academic credentials • The ideal candidate will have technical expertise in one or more of the following areas: o Excellent programming skills o Good hands-on experience with and working knowledge of machine learning algorithms implementation and platforms. o Generative models o Graph signal processing o Information theory https://www.jobbnorge.no/en/available-jobs/job/198137/phd-research-fellow-in-ict-artificial-intelligence-for-safety-and-security-in-smart-environments    PhD Research Fellow in ICT - Collective Deep Learning and Networked Control for Multiple Collaborative Robot Systems Required qualifications To be regarded as an eligible applicant, the candidates must have: • A solid academic background with a MSc. degree in either of these: ICT, Mechatronics, Electronics Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other related disciplines with a grade of B or better in terms of UiA’s grading scale (or equivalent), is required. • Applicants must have either already finished their Master degree during the last five years or have a date for the defense of the Master Thesis that will take place not later than March 2021. • Substantial knowledge of the following: o Systems and Control o Machine Learning techniques o Advanced Optimization techniques o Robotics o Wireless sensor networks and cyber-physical systems o Statistical signal processing o Robot operating system (ROS) o Mathematical analysis and linear algebra o Programming in Python, Matlab, C/C++. https://www.jobbnorge.no/en/available-jobs/job/196181/phd-research-fellow-in-ict-collective-deep-learning-and-networked-control-for-multiple-collaborative-robot-systems  Road and Aerial Vehicles Traffic Management Required qualifications •  PhD degree in a related area (e.g. Communications Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Control Systems Engineering, Aeronautics Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Information and Communication Technology, Computer Science). Recent graduates with industrial experience are encouraged to apply. •  English proficiency, both written and oral •  Background and/or experience in some of the following areas of interest: o  Experience with sensors such as automotive cameras, LiDARs, RADARs and Thermal cameras. o  Sensor fusion techniques. o  Wireless communications. o  Experience UAVs/Drones Traffic Management Systems. o  Solid Experience with wireless communication modules such as mote-like IoT devices, Software Defined Radios (SDRs), Universal Software Radio Peripherals (USRPs). o  Programming in Python, micro Python, C/C++, Labview, Labview Communications, GNU Radio, MATLAB, and/or Java. o  Experience with ROS and flight controllers such as pixhawk. o  Experience with RF measurements and Testbed setup. o  Circuit design using FPGAs (LabView, Verilog or VHDL). o  Cognitive radio, dynamic spectrum access, and spectrum sensing. o  Simulation of network protocols and implementation in real network scenarios. o  Linear algebra, calculus, and optimization. o  (Statistical) signal processing and/or statistics. o  Machine learning and/or artificial intelligence. o  UAVs / robots control, localization and navigation. https://www.jobbnorge.no/en/available-jobs/job/197149/post-doctoral-research-fellow-in-ict-smart-sensing-and-communications-for-on-road-and-aerial-vehicles-traffic-management  @scholarshipstostudyabroad', 'تفاوت های تحصیل مقطع دکتری در اروپا، آمریکا و کانادا  شرایط تحصیل تحصیل در مقطع دکتری در اروپا بدون داشتن مدرک کارشناسی ارشد امکان پذیر نیست؛ اما در ایالات متحده آمریکا، متقاضیان می توانند مستقیماً پس از دوره کارشناسی در دوره ی دکتری ادامه ی تحصیل دهند. از این رو می توانند پس از گذراندن واحدها و امتحانات مشخص، در مقطع دکتری ادامه ی تحصیل دهند.  تحصیل مقطع دکتری در دانشگاه های کانادا در بیشتر موارد بدین گونه است که مدرک کارشناسی ارشد را باید دریافت کرده  و پس از آن برای دریافت پذیرش در مقطع دکترا اقدام شود.   زمان تحصیل مدت زمان تحصیل مقطع دکتری در اروپا کوتاه تر از آمریکاست. به عنوان مثال دکتری در فرانسه، نروژ، انگلستان و آلمان به سه سال زمان نیاز دارد که  در سراسر اروپا بین سه تا چهار سال مشترک است. اما میانگین زمان تحصیل مقطع دکتری در آمریکا شش سال است که گاها برخی از دانشجویان برای تکمیل این دوره به هفت تا هشت سال زمان نیاز دارند. در دانشگاه های کانادا نیز تحصیل در مقطع دکتری به طور معمول چهار تا شش سال می باشد.  موضوع پایان نامه داوطلبان دکتری در اروپا باید در طول اپلای، موضوع پایان نامه و سرپرست خود را انتخاب کنند. به این منظور دانشجویان، متقاضی پروژه های خاص دکتری می شوند که معمولاً به تحقیقات یک استاد گره خورده است. اما در آمریکا، دانشجویان دکتری  عمدتا در مورد علایق پژوهشی خود بحث می کنند و تا سال دوم یا سوم تصمیمی در خصوص موضوع پایان نامه خود نمی گیرند. حتی در بسیاری از رشته های علوم و مهندسی به دانشجویان اجازه می دهند تا یک سال قبل از تصمیم گیری در مورد انتخاب سرپرست و موضوع پایان نامه، در آزمایشگاه های مختلف موضوعات احتمالی پایان نامه خود را بیازمایند.  در کانادا نیز همانند اروپا متقاضیان باید در طی مراحل اپلای، موضوع پایان نامه و سرپرست خود را انتخاب کنند. ممکن است محدوده ی موضوع پایان نامه توسط دانشگاه مشخص شده باشد (بخصوص در رشته های علوم طبیعی) یا اینکه با هماهنگی سرپرست یک موضوع پیشنهاد داده شود (علوم انسانی و هنر).  تدریس در اروپا، دانشجویان دکتری به ندرت فرصت تدریس دارند. در ایالات متحده، داوطلبان دکتری اغلب موظفند به عنوان بخشی از دوره ی تحصیلی خود، به دانشجویان دوره های کارشناسی ارشد ( به عنوان TA) آموزش دهند. معمولا بیشتر دانشجویان دکتری در ایالات متحده یک ترم الی دو تا سه سال به عنوان TA در یک کلاس به تدریس در کنار تحصیل می گذارنند.   در کانادا  انتظار می رود که دانشجویان در سمینارهای کوچک شرکت کنند و حدود 40 ساعت در هفته را به مطالعه اختصاص دهند و در مورد پایان نامه خود تحقیقاتی انجام دهند و چندین مقاله با همکاری سایر دانشجویان و اساتید منتشر کنند. همچنین دانشجویان می توانند به عنوان دستیار آموزشی و دستیاز پژوهشی فعالیت کنند که در این صورت حداکثر 20 ساعت در هفته از وقت دانشجویان به این امر اختصاص داده شود. اما هیچ اجباری در زمینه ی تدریس وجود ندارد. کار درسی (Coursework) در اروپا بسیاری از برنامه های دکتری دانشجویان را ملزم می کند که بلافاصله شروع به کار روی پروژه های پایان نامه خود شوند. اما در آمریکا فارغ از رشته، دانشجویان قبل فعالیت بر روی پایان نامه خود، باید دو یا سه سال در دوره ها و سمینارهای مرتبط شرکت کنند. در کانادا نیز برخی برنامه ها شامل دوره های درسی و امتحانات قبل از شروع پایان نامه هستند که این موارد فقط جنبه ی ارزیابی و سنجش دارند.  هزینه های تحصیل در چند کشور اروپایی، دانشجوی دکتری به عنوان کارمند محسوب می شود و بیمه درمانی، بیمه بیکاری و بازنشستگی برای آنها پرداخت می شود. اما در کشورهایی مانند انگلستان و ایتالیا که دانشجویان دکتری شاغل محسوب نمی شوند می توانند برای کمک هزینه از بورسیه استفاده کنند. شهریه در بسیاری از کشورهای اروپایی نسبت به آمریکا به شدت پایین تر است. متوسط شهریه سالانه دانشجویان  دکتری در دانشگاه های اروپایی 8000-20000 یورو در سال خواهد بود.   شهریه دانشگاه ها در آمریکا با یکدیگر متفاوت است و دانشگاه های خصوصی شهریه بالاتری نسبت به دانشگاه های دولتی دارند.  دانشجویان می توانند با دریافت کمک هزینه های دانشگاهی، ایالتی و ملی، بخشی یا تمام  شهریه را پرداخت کنند. متوسط شهریه دکتری در دانشگاه های آمریکا 40000-28000 دلار در سال است.   @scholarshipstostudyabroad', "PhD student: KU Leuven - Melbourne Joint PhD  Profile Candidates have obtained a Master’s degree in geomatics, geographic information science, Applied public policy, public administration science, real estate engineering, geography, information management, Spatial Engineering, Surveying and Spatial Sciences, Resilience Engineering, or a related field. Prior knowledge about the topic is a plus, but not required.  Although a range of doctoral research training activities will be provided, the ideal candidate has (1) already obtained a range of scientific research skills (with a quantitative and IT-related bent) and (2) strong competencies in communicating research results (in English) to the scientific community, the broader public, and the policy world.  https://www.kuleuven.be/personeel/jobsite/jobs/56138962   PhD researcher in linguistics and artificial intelligence   Profile •  You have obtained a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, linguistics, computer science, mathematics or a related domain. You have a solid academic track record. •  You are passionate about building intelligent systems that are capable of interacting with their environment through natural language. •  You have an explicit interest in educational technology research. •  You strive for excellence and have a scientific mindset. •  You are a loyal team player, who can work autonomously and deliver solid scientific work. •  You have strong communication skills in English. Proficiency in Dutch is considered an asset. https://www.kuleuven.be/personeel/jobsite/jobs/56144064    PhD position - Improved disease modelling of inherited platelet disorders   Profile The candidate should have a master in the field of (bio)medical sciences or equivalent. ● Sufficient knowledge about human genetics ● Expertise in microcopy and flow cytometry (from Masterthesis) is an added value.  ● The candidate has excellent communication skills in written and spoken English. ● He/she is highly motivated to work in a multidisciplinary research team, as well as independently, has an open communication style and has a problem-solving attitude. ● The candidate is expected to apply for a PhD grant at the beginning of the PhD period, for example though the Flemish research funds (Fonds Wetenschappelijk Onderzoek). https://www.kuleuven.be/personeel/jobsite/jobs/56142965   PhD collaborative care for older people with mental and physical frailty  Profile •  You have an excellent knowledge of Dutch and English, both spoken and written. •  You obtained a master's degree in one of the following fields: medicine, nursing, gerontology, health care management and policy, psychological and pedagogical sciences, rehabilitation sciences and physiotherapy, or social sciences/social work.  •  You graduated at least with distinction. •  You have a special interest in health care and/or followed a suitable selection path in the basic training. •  You know the domain of mental health care or have a special affinity with it. •  You have a strong motivation for scientific research (both qualitative and quantitative). Experience in research is a plus. •  You can work systematically and independently, you have a sense of initiative and you can make people enthusiastic for participation in research, for input of expertise, for advice, ... •  You are a team player who can deal well with changes that are specific to applied research. •  You have strong project management skills and a great problem-solving ability. •  You have a critical attitude that you can apply in scientific research and a strong drive to keep learning. •  You have strong communication skills. https://www.kuleuven.be/personeel/jobsite/jobs/56141817  @scholarshipstostudyabroad", "PhD Position in the Tumor Heterogeneity, Metastasis and Resistance lab Your profile •  Interest in molecular and cellular mechanisms of breast cancer and metastasis •  Master in life sciences/biology or related fields •  Expertise in common biochemical and molecular biology techniques •  Experience with 3D cell culture models and state-of-the art imaging techniques •  Experience with mouse models is favorable •  Curious, well-organized, highly motivated, and independent •  Team player aptitude in an international research group and department •  Fluent in English (speaking and writing) https://jobs.unibas.ch/offene-stellen/phd-position-in-the-tumor-heterogeneity-metastasis-and-resistance-lab/906114f0-5728-415f-aaa0-76cccc7c9e7d    PhD position in Alpine Ecology Your profile  Candidates should have an enthusiastic interest in plants, their ecology and evolution, and a strong background in quantitative thinking, experimental design, statistical analysis/bioinformatics, and rearing plants. Applicants must have a university degree in natural sciences that allows entrance to a PhD program (ideally in ecology or evolutionary biology), and very good organizational, analytical, and scientific writing skills. Applicants should have a driver's license. https://jobs.unibas.ch/offene-stellen/phd-position-in-alpine-ecology/7d7f4226-ee06-4323-8c9b-869be6890d11    PhD student in Economics Your profile  You have a very good university degree in economics (master's) and are interested in a dissertation. In addition to a basic understanding of social science methods, you are characterized by a pronounced interest in the diverse subject area of nonprofit management. Great communicative competence, willingness to work independently, fluent verbal and written in German, very good language skills verbally and in writing in English as well as voluntary or non-profit engagement in your free time complete your profile. https://jobs.unibas.ch/offene-stellen/doktorand-doktorandin/3c4ee189-bddc-4aba-9455-7424b26f2f4e  @scholarshipstostudyabroad", 'GRDC International Research Scholarships in Australia   PhD degree in Data & Analytics Framework, or are a subset of the Key Investment Targets in the GRDC Research Development and Extension Plan We are focused on delivering value to Australian grain growers through our research, development and extension (RD&E) investments. Investment in capacity and ability programs ensures we have access to a pipeline of researchers with the requisite abilities to deliver grains RD&E that will contribute to the enduring profitability of our growers. Our support for PhD students helps us bridge gaps in priority science disciplines to deliver novel research for impact. Our focus for GRDC Research Scholarships (GRS) is on innovative research proposals addressing grower constraints or opportunities that will contribute to grower profitability.  https://grdc.com.au/about/scholarships-sponsorships-awards/grdc-research-scholarship     بورسیه تحصیلی دکترا در تمامی رشته های ارئه شده دانشگاه اوتاوا کانادا   International Doctoral Scholarships at University of Ottawa, Canada  The International Doctoral Scholarship is awarded to all international PhD candidates who do not receive the Differential Tuition Fee Waiver or the Tuition Fee Exemption Scholarship, for a maximum of five (5) years. The International Doctoral Scholarship is awarded to reduce the tuition fees to the equivalent of the PhD Canadian tuition fees. International tuition fees will be reflected on the student account.  However, with the application of the Scholarship, international PhD candidates will pay the equivalent of Canadian tuition fees for a maximum duration of five (5) years.  https://www.uottawa.ca/graduate-studies/students/awards/international-doctoral-scholarship  @scholarshipstostudyabroad', 'PhD Fellowship within the topic “The effects of digital transformations on the Digital Generation (DigiGen)” Area of research The DigiGen project will generate new knowledge about how children and young people use and are affected by the technological transformations in their everyday lives. This will include a focus on education, the home, leisure time and children and young people’s civic participation. The project aims to achieve this by explaining the conditions under which harmful versus beneficial effects occur when children and young people use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT). https://oslomet.varbi.com/en/what:job/jobID:371621/type:job/where:51/apply:1    PhD student in Biochemistry, Structure and function of Bacterial and Archaeal Chromatin Selection criteria •  A Master’s degree in Biochemistry, biophysics or equivalent; •  Affinity with Quantitative approaches is required; •  Experience with Live cell microscopy and Genetics is a plus; •  Experience with Instrument building and Programming is a plus •  Excellent proficiency in English; •  Good technical experimental skills; •  Ability to work independently and as a team player in a multidisciplinary environment. https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/vacancies/2020/q4/20-582-phd-student-biochemistry   Doctoral students in Neuronic engineering Eligibility To be admitted to postgraduate education (Chapter 7, 39 § Swedish Higher Education Ordinance), the applicant must have basic eligibility in accordance with either of the following: •  passed a degree at advanced level, •  completed course requirements of at least 240 higher education credits, of which at least 60 higher education credits at advanced level, or •  in any other way acquired within or outside the country acquired essentially equivalent knowledge.  Preferably, the person should have a Master in Mechanical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Engineering Physics or equivalent, preferably with a bio mechanics background https://kth.varbi.com/en/what:job/jobID:367705/type:job/where:51/apply:1  @scholarshipstostudyabroad']