CURRENT AFFAIRS

UAPA

In News:

Peoples Democratic Party leader Waheed Para has been booked under Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA).

About the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act:

Passed in 1967, the law aims at effective prevention of unlawful activities associations in India.

The Act assigns absolute power to the central government, by way of which if the Centre deems an activity as unlawful then it may, by way of an Official Gazette, declare it so.

It has death penalty and life imprisonment as highest punishments.

Key points:

Under UAPA, both Indian and foreign nationals can be charged.

It will be applicable to the offenders in the same manner, even if crime is committed on a foreign land, outside India.

Under the UAPA, the investigating agency can file a charge sheet in maximum 180 days after the arrests and the duration can be extended further after intimating the court.

As per amendments of 2019:

The Act empowers the Director General of National Investigation Agency (NIA) to grant approval of seizure or attachment of property when the case is investigated by the said agency.

The Act empowers the officers of the NIA, of the rank of Inspector or above, to investigate cases of terrorism in addition to those conducted by the DSP or ACP or above rank officer in the state.

It also included the provision of designating an individual as a terrorist.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/25th-january-current-affairs/CURRENT AFFAIRS

SC to hear plea against confessions to priests

In News:

The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to consider after three weeks a petition filed by a group of women against the compulsory nature of sacred confessions to priests in Christianity.

Details:

The court will examine the issues in the petition as they came within the ambit of the questions of faith, rights of women and equality.

Background:

Five women have moved the Supreme Court against compulsory practice of sacramental confession in certain Churches in Kerala.

They contended that it violated their fundamental right to freedom of religion under Article 25 of the Constitution.

Petitioner—members of the Church – had alleged that the practice was leading to several problems including sexual exploitation of women and blackmailing of both men and women followers.

Prevalent practices:

Under the religious practice followed by Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, it’s members are required to undergo ‘Sacramental Confession’ before a priest to relieve themselves of sin.

According to the practice, it’s a condition precedent for fulfilling the temporal and spiritual needs of being a Christian.

The one who doesn’t do that would be denied the benefit of such services from the Church.

 Earlier interventions of SC:

Earlier, The Supreme Court had upheld the validity of the 1934 Constitution of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church to govern the parishes under the church.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/21st-january-current-affairs/CURRENT AFFAIRS

Science, Technology and Innovation (STI) policy

In News:

The draft Science, Technology and Innovation Policy released on Jan 1.

Details:

It could be game-changers for not just the scientific research community, but also for the way ordinary Indians interact with Science.

What is the overall philosophy behind the policy?

Unlike previous STI policies which were largely top-driven in formulation, the 5th national STI policy (STIP) follows core principles of being decentralised, evidence-informed, bottom-up, experts-driven, and inclusive.

Overall objectives:

To position India among the top three scientific superpowers in the decade to come.

To attract, nurture, strengthen, and retain critical human capital through a people-centric STI ecosystem.

To double the number of full-time equivalent (FTE) researchers, gross domestic expenditure on R&D (GERD) and private-sector contribution to GERD every five years.

To build individual and institutional excellence in STI with the aim of reaching the highest levels of global recognition and awards in the coming decade.

Key components:

It proposes an Open Science Framework, with free access for all to findings from publicly funded research.

One Nation, One Subscription: The idea is to democratise science by providing access to scholarly knowledge to not just researchers but to every individual in the country.

It suggests modification or waiver of General Financial Rules (GFR), for large-scale mission mode programmes and projects of national importance.

It has made recommendations such as:

Mandatory positions for excluded groups in academics; 30% representation of women in selection/evaluation committees and decision-making groups.

Addressing issues related to career breaks for women by considering academic age rather than biological/physical age.

A dual recruitment policy for couples; and institutionalisation of equity and inclusion by establishing an Office of Equity and Inclusion, etc.

What are the learnings from the Covid-19 pandemic for India’s science and technology sector? How does the draft policy address those learnings?

In India, the pandemic presented an opportunity for R&D institutions, academia, and industry to work with a shared purpose, synergy, collaboration and cooperation, which helped the country develop the capability to produce these kits in record time.

The STIP draft focuses on the need to adopt such learnings for greater efficiency and synergy in future.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/19th-january-current-affairs/CURRENT AFFAIRS
 

Global Housing Technology Challenge

In News:

Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lay the foundation stone of Light House Projects (LHPs) under Global Housing Technology Challenge-India (GHTC-India) at six sites across six states.

What are Light house projects?

The LHPs are being constructed at Indore (Madhya Pradesh), Rajkot (Gujarat), Chennai (Tamil Nadu), Ranchi (Jharkhand), Agartala (Tripura) and Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh).

They comprise about 1000 houses at each location along with allied infrastructure facilities.

These projects will demonstrate and deliver ready to live houses at an expedited pace within twelve months, as compared to conventional brick and mortar construction, and will be more economical, sustainable, of high quality and durability.

These LHPs demonstrate a variety of technologies, including Prefabricated Sandwich Panel System in LHP at Indore, Monolithic Concrete Construction using Tunnel Formwork etc.

Key features of the Global Housing Technology Challenge (GHTC) are:

Launched in 2019, the challenge is undertaken under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Urban (PMAY-U).

GHTC aims to fast-track the construction of affordable housing and meet the target of constructing 2 crore houses by 2022.

GHTC focuses on identifying and mainstreaming proven demonstrable technologies for lighthouse projects and spotting potential future technologies for incubation and acceleration support through ASHA (Affordable Sustainable Housing Accelerators) — India.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/15th-january-current-affairs/CURRENT AFFAIRS

MP anti-conversion Bill

In News:

The proposed law is called the Madhya Pradesh Dharmik Swatantrata (Freedom of Religion) Bill 2020.

Madhya Pradesh Cabinet has given its nod to an ordinance on the Bill.

Key Provisions:

Seeks to regulate inter-faith marriages in the state.

Exempts reconversion to parental religion from its purview.

Jail term of up to 10 years and a fine of ₹1 lakh for “conversion through marriage or other forcible means”.

The bill seeks to prohibit religious conversions or an attempt of conversion by means of misrepresentation, allurement, threat, undue influence, coercion, marriage, and any other fraudulent means.

The conspiracy and (the act of) abetting a person for conversion has also been prohibited.

Forceful conversions and marriages will be a cognizable offence and be non-bailable.

Issues and concerns:

States are opting for laws on freedom of religion for marriage (‘love jihad’).

The Prohibition of Unlawful Conversion of Religion Ordinance, 2020, was notified by Uttar Pradesh last month.

Haryana and Karnataka announced intentions to enact such laws.

What critics say?

The law has come under sharp criticism from several legal scholars who had contended that the concept of ‘love jihad’ did not have any constitutional or legal basis.

They have pointed to Article 21 of the constitution which guarantees individuals the right to marry a person of one’s choice.

Also, under Article 25, freedom of conscience, the practice and conversion of religion of one’s choice including not following any religion, are also guaranteed.

Supreme Court on Marriage and Conversion:

The Apex Court of India in its several judgements has held that the state and the courts have no jurisdiction over an adult’s absolute right to choose a life partner.

The Supreme Court of India, in both the Lily Thomas and Sarla Mudgal cases, has confirmed that religious conversions carried out without a bona fide belief and for the sole purpose of deriving some legal benefit do not hold water.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/12th-january-current-affairs/CURRENT AFFAIRS

Telangana withdraws regulated farming

In News:

The Telangana government has withdrawn regulated farming, introduced in the last agricultural season to discourage maize and promote fine variety of paddy, pulses and oilseeds for reasons of demand in the market.

Details:

The government has also decided not to purchase produce on its own from farmers in their villages. Now, the farmers can sell their produce wherever they fetched a good price.

Rationale behind the move:

It was not possible for the government to purchase or sell farmers’ produce as it was not into merchandise.

All you need to know about Telangana’s regulated farming policy:

The move was aimed at making agriculture a more profitable venture through scientific cultivation based on market demands.

Under the policy, the government would guide farmers on what crops should be cultivated in which area and to what extent.

The State government would extend Rythu Bandhu benefits and ensure MSP only to farmers who follow the directions of the State government.

What is the Rythu Bandhu?

Rythu Bandhu scheme also Farmer’s Investment Support Scheme (FISS) is a welfare program to support farmer’s investment for two crops a year by the Government of Telangana.

The scheme is meant to incentivise the state’s farmers for their day to day work.

Under the scheme, almost 58.33 lakh farmers of Telangana state are provided Rs 4000 per acre, per season (crop-sowing) – to support the farm investment twice a year (total Rs 8,000), for both – the Rabi and the Kharif seasons.

The purpose behind the scheme was to break the vicious cycle of rural indebtedness.

Who qualifies under the Rythu Bandhu scheme?

To apply under the scheme and to make the cut, the farmer should have been a resident of Telangana state and must own farming land.
The scheme is applicable for small and marginal farmers; however, commercial farmers are excluded from the scheme.
Also, farmers who till rented land are excluded from under this scheme.
Currently, more than 8 lakh farmers in Telangana enjoy the benefits of the Rythu Bandhu scheme.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/9th-january-current-affairs/CURRENT AFFAIRS

Centre to set up development finance entity

In News:

The government plans to set up a Development Finance Institution (DFI) in the next three to four months.

Details:

In her last Budget speech, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had proposed to set up DFIs for promoting infrastructure funding.

Need for:

To mobilise the ₹111 lakh crore required for funding of the ambitious national infrastructure pipeline.

To enhance credit rating of projects. It would fund projects where others are not willing to enter because of the risks involved.

DFIs in India- Historical background:

DFI would have a key developmental role apart from the financing role.

Prior to liberalisation, India had DFIs engaged in development of industry.

ICICI and IDBI, in their previous avatars, were DFIs.

The country’s oldest financial institution IFCI Ltd. too had acted as a DFI.

About national infrastructure pipeline:

In the budget speech of 2019-2020, Finance Minister announced an outlay of Rs 100 lakh Crore for infrastructure projects over the next 5 years.

NIP is a first-of-its-kind initiative to provide world-class infrastructure across the country and improve the quality of life for all citizens.

It will improve project preparation, attract investments (both domestic & foreign) into infrastructure, and will be crucial for attaining the target of becoming a $5 trillion economy by FY 2025.

Covers both economic and social infrastructure projects.

Measures needed:

Investment needed: ₹111 lakh crore over the next five years (2020-2025) to build infrastructure projects and drive economic growth.

Energy, roads, railways and urban projects are estimated to account for the bulk of projects (around 70%).

The centre (39 percent) and state (40 percent) are expected to have an almost equal sharein implementing the projects, while the private sector has 21 percent share.

Aggressive push towards asset sales.

Monetisation of infrastructure assets.

Strengthening the municipal bond market.

Learn more : https://www.alchemyias.com/5th-january-current-affairs/